README.md, before:

# RailsBootstrapAlerts

Welcome to your new gem! In this directory, you'll find the files you need to be able to package up your Ruby library into a gem. Put your Ruby code in the file `lib/rails_bootstrap_alerts`. To experiment with that code, run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt.

TODO: Delete this and the text above, and describe your gem

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'rails_bootstrap_alerts'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install rails_bootstrap_alerts

## Usage

TODO: Write usage instructions here

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. Then, run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release` to create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

1. Fork it ( https://github.com/[my-github-username]/rails_bootstrap_alerts/fork )
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create a new Pull Request

Commit message:

Add basic gem description and usage instructions

README.md, after:

# RailsBootstrapAlerts

This is a very small gem that allows you to easily use Twitter Bootstrap alerts with flash messages generated by your Rails application.

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'rails_bootstrap_alerts'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install rails_bootstrap_alerts

## Usage

This gem installs a #flash_class(flash_name) helper that translates the name of your flash message to it's Bootstrap alert equivalent.

In your layout (ie. layouts/application.erb) you can add #flash_class(key) to your bootstrap div:

      <% flash.each do |key, value| %>
        <div class="<%= flash_class(key) %>"><%= value %></div>
      <% end %>

## Contributing

1. Fork it ( https://github.com/[my-github-username]/rails_bootstrap_alerts/fork )
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create a new Pull Request
